---
title: "YOLO Maybe"
category: "Life"
---

Wow, what a year!?! 2021 is coming to an end and as most would do I am reflecting on the soon to be previous year as we approach the next. When I cam back from Colombia after spending most of 2020 there here is where I was mentally. My 2019 was the year I broke out of my proverbial shell and started exploring to figure out what kind of life I wanted to forge for myself. I had begun to experience a life long dream I didn't know I had fully realized nor did I know I would ever when I took that transformative trip to Barcelona back in 2013. Here I am at the end of 2020 having to put my continued exploration of that dream on hold because of the pandemic. Forced with the decision of continuing to travel through the great unknown of COVID or ground myself for a year. I chose the latter. What came with that was a number of new experiences many of which were new and awesome. While grounded, 2021 wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. It turned into the "gap" year I never had and never knew I needed. It was the year of a new self discovery. It was a year of losing and regaining identities. Breaking the habit of being yourself <- Great book by Joe Dispenza. While this year has been amazing in so many ways it also been taxing. At the end of 2019 I felt like I was finally hitting my stride in becoming more of myself then the first season of 2020 happened and I had to leave my true adventures in the waiting room. Then season 2: 2021 became more of the same, in regards to limiting the scope of adventures, but that hunger and desire for that grander adventure and self discovery has grown to be more than a flicker. What I'm most looking forward to in the new year is to light the night sky with my passion to continue to build upon that growth I saw and felt I was ever approaching at the end of 2019 because this new year won't be just another 2020 too.

Happy New Year
